Add Refresh Token Grant Configuration Authentication (#709)
ballerina-platform/openapi-connectors: openapi/quickbooks.online/Module.md

Before using this connector in your Ballerina application, complete the following:

* Create a [QuickBooks account](https://quickbooks.intuit.com/global/).
* Obtain credentials by following [this guide](https://developer.intuit.com/app/developer/qbo/docs/get-started/start-developing-your-app). Tokens can be obtained by using [OAuth 2.0 Playground](https://developer.intuit.com/app/developer/playground).

## Quickstart

To use the QuickBooks Online connector in your Ballerina application, update the .bal file as follows:

### Step 1: Import connector
Import the `ballerinax/quickbooks.online` module into the Ballerina project.
```ballerina
    import ballerinax/quickbooks.online as quickbooks;
```

### Step 2: Create a new connector instance

> Add the configuration file by creating a `Config.toml` file. Config file should have following configurations. Add the tokens obtained in the previous step to the `Config.toml` file.

Author: Updated the doc. 
Can we have it as below rather than adding as steps?
Create configuration file as `Config.toml` file. Add the tokens obtained through OAuth 2.0 Playground to the `Config.toml` file as follows.
```ballerina
    [authConfig]
    clientId: <CLIENT_ID>,
    clientSecret: <CLIENT_SECRET>,
    refreshToken: <REFRESH_TOKEN>
```

> Add the configuration file by creating a `Config.toml` file. Config file should have following configurations. Add the tokens obtained in the previous step to the `Config.toml` file.

Reviewer: How about the following?

```suggestion
Create a configuration file named `Config.toml` and add the tokens obtained through the OAuth 2.0 Playground to it as follows:
```

> Add the configuration file by creating a `Config.toml` file. Config file should have following configurations. Add the tokens obtained in the previous step to the `Config.toml` file.

Author: This would be better. I will update as follows

```ballerina
    [authConfig]
    clientId: <CLIENT_ID>,
    clientSecret: <CLIENT_SECRET>,
    refreshToken: <REFRESH_TOKEN>
```

```ballerina
    configurable quickbooks:OAuth2RefreshTokenGrantConfig & readonly authConfig = ?;
    quickbooks:ClientConfig clientConfig = {auth : authConfig};

    quickbooks:Client baseClient = 
            check new Client(clientConfig, "https://sandbox-quickbooks.api.intuit.com");
```

### Step 3: Invoke connector operation

> 1. Now you can use the operations available within the connector. Note that they are in the form of remote operations.

Reviewer: Start steps with a verb because they need to ask the user to do something.

Suggesting rewriting this section as follows:

```suggestion
Now you can use the operations available within the connector. Note that they are available as remote operations.

For example, you can fetch a quickbook customer by ID as follows:

    ```ballerina
    public function main() returns error? {
        quickbooks:CustomerResponse response = check baseClient->readCustomer("<REALM_ID>", "<CUSTOMER_ID>");
        log:printInfo("Customer Info : " + response.toString());
    }
    ```

Once you update the Ballerina program as shown above, run the following command to compile and run it.

`bal run`

```
